my name is rosie I'm 16 years old
it's my second year in the center of
nantes training ground basketball
I was injured in January 2012 knee
I have cruciate ligaments I am in
re-learning phase since about
three months to resume in a
week a re-learning phase
it's a phase is straddling between the
end of rehabilitation and recovery
100% training a recovery and a
back to the competition 1st category c
proprioception exercises that this
either on the floor on the waf in all
case he will have to put his body in
difficulty that they are used to this
kind of thing to basketball because there
will have contacts the second type
of exercise was about strengthening
muscle of course that this is the
squat whether it's a duvet that
it is the bench press disco soul
January the quadriceps
of course belt reinforcement
abdominal with a lot of cladding
a lot of sheathing on
balloons on swiss ball bullish a lot
of medicine ball manipulations also
and the third criterion was good
heard the maximum aerobic power and
explosiveness where that was the
most difficult exercises for for
rose since she was running out of
breath in physics course that's right
that at first she was very reluctant
to do them so there are less
of intensity enchained spirit flagship all
what are you so
it's frustration all the time
to say to ourselves we have no more breath we have more
of fitness one starts from scratch
as if we had just been born to hold
mentally really hard because I'm there
think again that will still remain in
create for a while it's not
so easy to move on even
if we have very satisfactory results
and everyone tell you that it's okay
always has this apprehension of
to tell ourselves that his place makes us
can leave again that he is finally a
operation it's betting the scars
will stay for life so will always be
anchored and it's not easy and I think
that I'm going to take a long time to get to
something else during my re-learning
I missed the game the most it was
a team does when we play the pleasure
to play
finally basketball itself because
it's still a collective sport and
see her teammates play complaining
coaches and you be his side by train
to tell you you'd like to do that but
do not realize it
the fact also that she does not go
account of the gravity of this kind of
injury that psychologically it's
still hard enough to live
I do not feel isolated either
because I still second year
I knew where most
girls were there after yes there is
always differences fringe rest
nevertheless the new nets me
do not know my never seen do of
basketball finally she imagine l it that
that what she sees you the problem
is that what she sees is not
between lee but the reality finally I am
faded maximum capacity so that's
still frustrating for me yet
but until I resume
I will always have a difference because
that I'm not training
to have support is always
important especially in this kind of
situation and at my age even more the
physical presenter you encourage yourself
request to surpass you after that is sure
that it's boring days ago where
it's boring because it's not
there and that psychologically even if we
is encouraged all non life is not there
because there is tired but after yes
for sure it's really a
more
finally it's either physically
psychologically you have to be very
listened to the sportsman when he does the
exercises to return to his level or
even bodybuilding exercises from
muscle building or anything
what else
whether they are injured or not because
hide according to what he will say
according to his feelings he goes
have to modulate the intensity of exercise
it will have to change sometimes
completely exercise and I
to decorate as much as possible of the
ball games even if it was not
obvious to find any time but
I tried to bring more things
in addition says for its part the most
possible you still have to shoot him
my hat because doing that while
these cuts you need basketball next
it's far from easy
what make sure that rose is
really strong